README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Use brand colors across homepage

README.md, after:

# Sandy Select

Sandy Select is a small landing page showcasing handmade almond toffee and premium cakes. It is built with **Next.js** and **Tailwind CSS** and deployed on **Cloudflare Pages**.

## Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the site.

## Deployment to Cloudflare Pages

1. Create a new project in Cloudflare Pages and connect this repository.
2. Set the build command to `npm run build`.
3. Use `.vercel/output` as the publish directory.
4. Set these environment variables for the Google Forms used on the site:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_TOFFEE_FORM_URL=<Google form>
NEXT_PUBLIC_CAKE_FORM_URL=<Google form>
```

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your URLs before running the build.

## Branding

The site uses a light cream background with forest‑green and amber highlights
defined in `tailwind.config.mjs`. You can tweak these brand colors in that file
if you want a different look.

## Assets

Product photos and the site logo are stored in the `images` directory and loaded via `next/image`.
